Hey there.
That's my face Andre.
I'm not usually sitting in front of a computer not in front of a camera which I'm not comfortable with
but this is the AM A video and I want to just absolutely thank all of you because we have officially
had 100000 unique students which is insane.
Absolutely mind blowing.
I did an M a video when we hit a thousand students and I thought that was just extraordinary.
And to be at one hundred thousand now is absolutely incredible.
I feel extremely lucky.
I feel extremely blessed and not to get too sappy here but I'm very very thankful for you watching this
video right now because I don't really do any marketing and it's it's all grown out of word of mouth.
So thank you for telling your friends your family your kids whatever it is.
I am extremely thankful that I get to do what I do and it's all because of you.
All right.
So no more happiness.
Let's get to it.
I asked you on discord some questions that you might have for me.
There were a lot of questions unfortunately I won't be able to answer all of them.
I don't want to make this into a boring one hour video so I've picked the ones that I thought had a
lot of people interested in them and hopefully I can give you some some answers.
Keep in mind that you should form your own opinions and decisions based on these.
This is just one person's view my view.
It doesn't mean that I'm 100 percent correct if I thought that then I would have a youtube channel but
take it with a grain of salt.
These are just my opinions.
I may be wrong.
I may be right.
It's just what has worked in my life doesn't necessarily mean that it will work for you or the answers
are right for you.
All right.
Let's see first one here.
We have Nick Salar who asks What's the best way to get into machine learning and artificial intelligence.
That's actually a question that kept coming up a lot of people are interested in machine learning data
science.
Anything related to a.
Because it is extremely popular and a hot topic right now.
I actually have a course coming up on it that tries to tackle that question because machine learning
right now it's a bit of a buzzword where it solves all your business problems when in fact maybe it's
not necessarily so.
And I think there's developer interest to learn about machine learning as well as business analysts
and business decision makers to use machine learning and data to improve their profits and their business.
So I don't really give you an answer for that one but it's one of those topics that I think in order
to learn about it you should at least learn to code be become a web developer force or perhaps have
some understanding of business data.
Data analysis before you get into it.
All right.
Next Next question is from Inc.
Talk about your life as a developer from start until now to learn from you.
Well I think some of you know from my previous M.A. May I did not come from a computer science background.
I came from a business background.
I did also a minor in psychology and learned to code in my 20s.
I'm 33 now by the way.
Hopefully I don't look 33 but that's that's my age.
And yeah I would break down the developer lifecycle into three phases.
So the first one is where you're just learning you're learning to code everything is completely new
you feel extremely overwhelmed overwhelmed you don't know what to learn what person to trust what mentor
to have what course to take.
That's a really big challenge.
And getting to the point of understanding and being able to build something from scratch yourself I
think that's the first phase.
The second phase was when when I was employed for the first time and though the first couple of years
working as a developer where you feel the imposter syndrome right where you feel like you just don't
know enough or somehow they hired you by mistake and while everybody else around you is smarter than
you.
That phase really goes by the one advice that I have for that phase is to honestly be comfortable with
being uncomfortable that is ask as many questions as you want.
Don't feel like you're raising your hand and asking questions.
It's going to make you feel it's going to make others look at you like you're dumb or not good enough.
The more questions you ask the better you'll have the answers and you'll find that the successful people
through this phase are the people who ask a ton of questions when they don't understand something they
tried to learn and try to grab as much experience as possible from those around you.
And then the third phase is when you start to become a little bit of a senior developer when you start
to get confident in your abilities you perhaps start to lead projects perhaps other junior developers
look up to you and ask you questions.
One of the biggest things with that face of a developer is to not almost get a God complex where you
feel like your opinions are the right ones and everybody else is is absolutely wrong.
I've seen way too many really good developers get overconfident in themselves and have really strong
opinions where they don't take anything else into consideration.
I think through that phase if you're able to understand everything it has pros and cons everything depends
on the situation in that you're not allowing only use graph.
Q Oh I only use TypeScript and dynamic languages are trash but when you avoid those strong opinions
to almost make yourself feel like you're smart you're doing something wrong there.
You want to be open to ideas open to suggestions and not forget to keep drawing from that face because
as you start to get more and more recognition maybe feel more confident.
It's very easy to think that you've reached the pinnacle and you need to stop learning.
This whole industry is all about learning and constantly evolving and what you know two years from now
will probably different than what you know now.
So those are the three phases kind of the ones that I went through.
Obviously I'm teaching now but for me learning doesn't stop.
I'm constantly learning.
I'm constantly trying to improve myself both in teaching but also as a developer and I hope that that
is the case with you as well.
All right next question next question is from G.
How many countries have you visited during the last year.
Any suggestions to travel while working remote.
So for some of you that don't know I I was completely remote.
I carry my recorder recording equipment online and I set up my studio wherever I am in the world.
So my courses have been recorded and in Ecuador in Nicaragua Colombia in Greece and Romania.
Pretty much anywhere that I'm traveling I bring my recording equipment set up my little studio and and
record.
So last year I traveled to I would say about seven or eight countries where I lived and then in them
long term My favorite was I actually recorded the master the coding interview course in a little house
on the side of a volcano in Ecuador where the last house at the very top of the volcano.
So we had to hike down and grab groceries every time we needed to eat or wanted to cook dinner and hike
back up with all our groceries.
That was a lot of fun.
Any advice for Ramona.
Honestly it's it's one of those life that it sounds nice but it also requires a lot of dedication and
and commitment to to work instead of just not being committed to a schedule and making it really easy
to go off and pretend like you're busy without actually accomplishing anything.
So you do need to have a bit of structure.
But for those that are self-motivated and determined enough and can keep track of tasks and don't get
distracted often it's it's definitely a lot of fun.
All right this next question I think I got asked maybe five times from people like DA John shoe PA scramble
lock all of them essentially said Why did you quit your full time job.
How come you're not a developer anymore.
Well let's say that I'm still a developer I do a bit of consulting work on the side.
The reason that I quit my developer job was mainly because I wanted to I wanted to travel a little bit
and to take a break.
I had spent a couple of years working for other people and working on projects that perhaps I didn't
care too much about.
I was working for other people's passion projects or businesses.
And after a while that that kind of gets old or at least it did for me where I found that I stopped
learning as much I was just repeating and doing the same thing over and over.
So I decided to quit and kind of figure out what what I want to do next.
And along the way I decided to record some videos.
My first course to mastery to just keep myself busy and keep doing something and cut and help people
who were like me where they didn't have a CSI background and wanted to get into web development but
there wasn't a clear path for them to do so.
So I recorded that course and it took off and all of a sudden this became my full time job and now I
would 100 percent still go back to being a full time developer but I'm having so much fun teaching.
I still get to code every day I still get to learn every day and if anything I think this way I have
a bigger impact on on people's lives.
Than I did it when I worked on a single project.
So that's why I quit my job and in the end of the day it was one of the best decisions I ever made.
I have another question here which is what is my biggest regret.
I feel like I'm in an interview right now so I'll give you my interview answer.
In case you ever get asked this in an interview.
So my biggest regret.
Honestly it's there's nothing I I'm really really happy that I learned coding when I did in my 20s and
not when I was young because when I was young I was able to learn different skills I was able to learn
about business about pop about psychology about communicating with others and people and those skills
helped me get my first job as a developer although maybe I started to code when I was a lot later on
in life.
It's not like I didn't do anything before my 20s.
I was learning different skills and for those people that perhaps are thinking Am I too old to learn
to code or I'm in my thirties and there's people you know in their teens that are learning to code right
now there's no way that I'm going to be able to keep up.
Keep in mind that most likely have skill sets that other people don't.
And when it comes to regret honestly there's nothing as long as you're learning every single day and
learning something useful over the years that's going to compound.
And honestly every single mistake every single decision that you make leads you to to where you are
now which a little it sounds a little hokey pokey but but it is true.
Honestly the there are no regrets if you're learning your you're never gonna have regrets in life.
All right.
Yes.
Has gone yes asked me what annoyed you the most about being a developer.
I usually don't get annoyed I'm pretty easygoing but the one thing that I did notice was that trust
people get more and more experienced they tend to form really strong opinions and everybody wants to
feel like they're part of a group.
And I think we see that a lot on Twitter and YouTube and all these people really strong opinions that
kind of gang up on other people that have different beliefs than them.
I think it's very easy in the developer community to have something like that where you're thinking
my react team is better than your angular team or TypeScript and static typing is the way to go or rest
is dead and let's all use graph.
Q Well I think when you have that type of mentality it's it's really really hard to actually have smart
discussions and and and decisions within a project it becomes really really easy for those who feel
superior to others and feel confident in their opinions to really impose their opinions on others especially
junior developers that you know are susceptible and have less experience.
So they start to believe these senior developers that perhaps have really strong opinions and in turn
that kind of creates this wave of more and more people that think it's a good idea to have strong opinions
and debate with others and argue with others and and telling people that their code sucks and their
code is the right way of doing it.
I think that was a little bit annoying to deal with because because I think it influences junior developers
a lot and I don't think it's a good attitude to have when working with others.
I think being a being somebody senior being a lead being a project lead it means you're a person that
doesn't put other people down but it lifts others.
And that was a little bit annoying because I thought that I saw that that was a little bit prevalent
where everybody's trying to almost beat each other and be a better developer than deal with this person
and this person instead of all of you growing together and learning together because there's enough
to evolve for jobs for everybody.
You don't need to beat out everybody to be the number one developer.
So that mentality was was a little bit annoying to me but then again I worked in Tron on Silicon Valley
and I think those areas especially have have really really strong individualistic philosophies.
All right.
This is another question from D.H. from where and how did you learn and become a developer.
So when I started to learn to be a developer I probably spent I would say 20 dollars.
I think I bought a book on H2 AML and CSX and the rest was all online for free just using online resources.
The only difference was that when I started to learn there were very few resources online I think I
used one blog post that that told me to use Photoshop and GIMP and some tools that actually didn't even
need.
But it was really hard to find resources online when I started to learn so I essentially just try to
grab as many resources as possible and create my own curriculum but it's not like it is now I think.
Right now we have a lot of resources online.
It's a lot easier and there's more of a clear cut path to become a web developer.
So I'm a little bit jealous but I also did the same thing that you probably are doing which is watch
a lot of online courses read or a lot of books read a lot of articles and most importantly building
my own projects and coding as much as possible that nothing beats actually coding.
Now you can watch videos all day but if you're not doing anything if you're not producing anything that's
not.
It's like watching a tennis match and trying to become a better tennis player is just not going to happen.
We have Jamie who asks What's the best way to practice code is it good for.
Is it good by imitating someone else code for practicing again it goes back to my last point.
The best way to practice code is to code the more you code the more you practice the better it is.
But keep in mind that the best way to code is to solve your own problems create your own projects.
I actually don't recommend just watching all my videos and following along without coding because then
you're not going to be able to do things on your own.
The best way to code is to code by by doing your own thing.
You can watch a hundred videos on people coding and follow along.
But if you don't understand why we're doing things then when you're left to your own device you're not
going to be able to do anything.
So the best way to code is think of a project today.
Think of a task that you have to do over and over in your life and see if I can automate it with code.
That's the best way to learn tai Lim.
I would ask What is your favorite tech stack.
My favorite test that tech stack is the one that lets me accomplish my goal as fast as possible.
That's a very vague answer.
But honestly anything that lets me finish fast and deliver something fast is my favorite tech stack
because I tend to work by myself or in small teams.
I really prefer things that are efficient.
So for example I'm not a big fan of typescript because although you get type safety and static typing
it's a lot of extra code.
It's the same reason that I personally am not a big fan of Java programming not because it's not a great
language but because for my personally use cases I'm now working at a big company with thousands of
developers for let's say financial institution.
If I'm building a personal project I rather use something quick and easy like Python or JavaScript to
write a few lines of code and accomplish a goal.
So there's really no favorite text that gets the stack that allows me to accomplish a goal the fastest
which happens to be usually dynamically typed languages and usually the languages that I'm comfortable
with I don't need to learn something new until I have a need to to learn something new.
All right.
Mora Les's junior Tess Morales Junior.
That's what it is.
Any advice on escaping the golden handcuffs and going freelance.
I have a cushy non developer job at Google and it's hard to imagine leaving one family in a mortgage.
But I long for freedom and this this topic of freelancer is another topic that has come up many many
times so let me address it right now.
You know I get to work remotely I get to work for myself which I feel very fortunate fortunate about
and I'm extremely lucky.
But when it comes to freelancing I actually am against freelancing.
Obviously every situation is different.
Different.
But let me explain why I think freelancing might not be the best option for most of you not all of you
but for most of you you see when it comes to freelancing let's say you're just starting to learn.
You're just learning to code.
If you go straight into freelancing you lose the ability to work with others to learn from others and
actually be in a company and understand how their processes work how they work with developers.
You gain a lot of experience by working on projects with others with other developers working with management
teams working with with project managers scrum masters.
That's a really really valuable experience that I really recommend for people just getting into coding.
Now let's say that you've had a couple of years of experience you've worked with teams you have that
experience should you go into freelancing.
I think you should go into freelancing if you have a clear edge or a clear advantage over others.
For example you have an existing client base and you have people that really trust your work or you
offer a really unique skill.
The problem with freelancing right now is that you're essentially battling with thousands potentially
millions of other freelancers to get a job.
A lot of people might go to places like work or any type of place where you can bid on projects.
What happens is in those scenarios people just bid and it's a battle to lower and lower prices.
So what happens you eventually become an employee of a contract that you probably didn't charge enough
for.
So it's really hard for you to compete with people that keep lowering and lowering and lowering prices
and you'll see that if you're a freelancer that's what will happen unless you have an established client
base unless you have a really distinct advantage maybe you're extremely skilled in graphic design and
you're well known then yes maybe you can charge more for it but people that are usually looking for
freelancers are usually looking for the cheapest price.
And when you do that you stop valuing your time you stop being a slave to the person that created the
contract and you're trying to fulfill somebodies you're trying to fulfill.
And please this person so that they give you a good review for the next contract job.
I think freelancer jobs are can be good but there's also a lot of issues that come with it.
If you want to be a freelancer or perhaps be your own boss I think there's better ways for you to go
about it.
I think there's smarter ways to go about it instead of competing with others on price.
So I know that's not really helpful is just my personal opinion when it comes to freelancing.
But it is a question that I get past a lot freelancing essentially involves you taking a lot of time
finding clients working a lot for clients and at the end of the day why not just work for a company
that already has the clients for you so you can gain that experience.
You might think you have the freedom of being a freelancer being your own job but instead your you are
an employee of whoever your contractor is.
That's my advice.
I know it's not it's not very very helpful.
But like I said it's not for everybody I think there's there's better opportunities for you to work
remotely.
You can work for remote companies.
There's tons of Web sites right now of showing companies that hire remote workers.
I think that's a better option for you than being a freelancer because the reasons that I mentioned
previously.
JT álvarez eight task.
How is life as far as time spent with family and doing what you like now as an instructor and before
when you work for a company to enjoy.
Do you enjoy work more now or before when you work for a company hands down.
I absolutely love what I'm doing now.
I wake up every day and all I can think about is is work and what I'm going to teach or what video I'm
going to record or what coding challenge I'm going to do I am I feel so extremely lucky to be at a point
in my life where I absolutely adore and love what I'm doing.
And I wouldn't I wouldn't trade it for anything in the world being a developer was absolutely great
working full time for a company.
I loved it.
You know I had a lot of friends I got along really well with with my bosses with my clients.
But having having the freedom to to work on what I want to work on my projects.
But most importantly knowing that the work that I do maybe impacts just a little bit a little bit of
the world.
I think it is a really rewarding feeling and I'm extremely thankful to to know that you know not everybody
is going to love my courses but at least there are some that do enjoy my courses and gain a bit of help
in their career through it and that is the most rewarding feeling and honestly the past two years since
I've started to teach.
Have been some of the happiest moments of my life and I know this thing isn't going to last forever.
I know I'm not going to teach forever but I'm really appreciative of this moment to have this opportunity.
At least for now.
All right.
Mr. Lucifer's asks be safe secure and stable life being a skillful employee working for someone else
or dreaming big and starting a business on your own and being your own boss.
What path you suggest.
Honestly it really depends.
I think everybody wants the ideal work for yourself own your own business work remotely.
Live wherever you want.
It sounds sexy but it's it's not for everybody and you know I before I started teaching before I was
a developer I started a bunch of businesses.
I was running a surfing yoga retreats in Nicaragua I was doing Adventure Tours.
I was doing adventurous businesses.
I was trying all these different things that in the end weren't extremely successful but there are a
lot of fun.
And meanwhile I had friends who were doing their MBA.
They were becoming lawyers and you know they have really nice life right now.
They have they have families who are very comfortable and there's actually there's actually an advantage
there.
As you start to work at a company and you see people leave that company most people think oh why should
I should leave too.
But you can also look at it as an opportunity for somebody else has left.
Now you are one step closer to going up that that corporate or company ladder.
So I think it's not it's not one is better than the other.
It really depends on why you prefer what kind of lifestyle you prefer you do you want more of a stable
comfortable life to make sure that you can provide for your family or are you at a stage in your life
where you can perhaps take more risks and you're okay with the higher ups in high high Downs high ups
and high downs that may pay off.
Maybe not in the end but I think every day if you're working towards what your ideal life should look
like eventually you will get there but don't expect to get there overnight.
You know it's it's hard work.
Nothing comes easy.
There's no easy solution.
So all you can do is kind of work towards that goal and learn every day and improve every day and eventually
you'll get there but it really matters.
It's the best thing you can do is to have a plan for yourself tonight.
Write down what you value and based on those values and what makes you happy.
Decide what type of path you want to take.
I got all philosophical there for you.
All right let's get back to some coding.
Justin W. Lin.
Hey Justin asks How do you decide to learn next.
In this ever changing glass landscape from redux graphics you all react angular view SSR.
There's so much to learn so little time so I guess how do you decide what to learn then and how you
actually learn and make time for it.
I think this is actually something I I'm pretty good at.
I think I'm good at and that is because when I started to learn how to code I realized how much is out
there.
I've become become really good at selecting only the right things to learn.
Then there's the famous parade principle which says the 20 percent usually accounts for 80 percent of
value.
So what's the 20 percent that's going to give you 80 percent of a value when learning and you know things
like graphic you all for example.
They're extremely popular.
So a lot of people want to learn it but at the end of the day how can you how many people actually use
craft while in production how many people have actually built something with craft you all that creates
value.
I like to look at technologies and see see what's what's hot and what's trending but that's not necessarily
jump really deep into them until there's a clear need for me to learn it.
So for example V-J.
Yes.
Yeah I know a bit of view yes but I wouldn't call myself an expert because I haven't had to use the
view I can use react or I can use angular.
So being selective in why you learn instead of trying to learn everything is going to be a better long
term strategy over the course of your career because learning never stops and the more you learn the
more you start to realize that it's not about the syntax is not about learning the libraries.
It's not about reading the documentation from start to finish.
It's about to understanding the higher principles the why was this tool built.
Why are we doing things the way it is.
What problem is it solving.
Being able to understand those and discuss those is going to be really really important because at the
end of the day the fundamentals is is what matters not the syntax.
If you learn the fundamentals if you learn to think like a developer think about systems and how things
communicate.
That's a lot more valuable than learning the newest react hoax API.
I mean that could still be important but but as you can see I am very selective in what I learn and
I'm not I'm not trying to learn 10 languages at the same time.
If I want to learn something I'll dedicate maybe a year to get really really good at something and then
move on to the next thing.
So really being picky as if you're dating a new technology and making sure that it's the right one is
the way to go.
Oh and with that said you obviously have to enjoy what you're doing.
If you don't enjoy learning then that's gonna be really hard so that's just something that has to come
for yourself and being able to enjoy the learning process because that's that's going to be your biggest
asset.
If you enjoy learning you're going to learn more.
Adrian asks How long do you plan on continue doing courses
because well this isn't going to last forever right.
Honestly I I'm not sure I'm it's been close to two years now that I've been doing this.
I don't imagine doing this for for a lifetime.
There's only so much I could teach.
I'm going to keep going until I I stop enjoying it.
Right now I really enjoy the process.
I get a lot of reward by by hearing your your reviews and how pleased you are with the courses.
So that really drives me to create more but eventually I will have to stop.
I can't just keep creating courses they do take a lot of time and effort.
So I hope that I can keep going for for a few more years but one day maybe you retire and and spend
a little more time with family or move on to something else.
But for now don't worry I'm not going anywhere.
Balloon asks Do you play any instruments.
No I am the least musically talented artistically talented person you'll ever beat.
I took piano lessons guitar lessons when I was a kid and I'm I'm hopeless.
Thank God coding exists and thank God sports exists because if if I had to do anything in the arts I
would be I would not be very good.
Garrison asks be really inspirational for all of us.
Do you want to do with the next 10 years of your life coaching business.
Looks like he is the same age as me so just asking what's what's the next 10 years of my life look like
the next 10 years of my life is going to evolve.
Learning every day I want to.
Whether it's coding whether it's different things have different hobbies that I want to keep improving
at.
I really like surfing so I want to become a better surfer and there's so many things that I really want
to improve.
So honestly every single day my goal is to learn I want to hopefully have a family by then and have
a house and and just enjoy life and hopefully in 10 years I'm retards being able to being able to spend
every single day with my son or daughter and just enjoying life.
But honestly that what I'm doing now is not much different than what I hoped to be doing ten years from
now because I am really really happy with with how life is right now and I wouldn't really change anything.
Dorian again asks Do you think all the races you do in yoga and exercises help you mental clarity and
have helped your career as a developer when things get rough.
Yes so fun fact I'm I'm also a yoga instructor on the side and I do I do a lot of adventure racing as
well and both of those things I think actually really help with being a developer and dealing with different
situations at work.
I think for adventure racing it it puts you into situations that are extremely uncomfortable that you
have to just survive through and then with yoga obviously it steals your mind especially with meditation
as well.
I think those are extremely important especially when compared to coding when you're staring at the
screen and everything is usually fast paced and it's really really easy to get lost in your head.
I think balancing out coding with something that's complete opposite like yoga or meditation again not
to get a little hippy here.
But you know I think doing different things is as important in being physically active being mentally
strong is this is your vessel and this is your body and you should take care of it and it will only
improve you as a developer and as a coder so I 100 percent think that you know although for some people
it may be silly to meditate.
Although for some people they don't actually enjoy exercising everybody has their different things.
But I think doing something other than coding is really really important for that balance and to not
burn yourself burn yourself out of sin and ask about interview and the fact that he's really worried
about interviews and that he doesn't know enough and honestly just keep this might because because this
is something I hear from so many people.
Everybody is just a child trapped in an adult's body.
No human knows everything perfectly and most likely the person sitting across from you that's asking
you question on a on an interview doesn't know everything has their own insecurities has their own areas
that they're not an expert in so go into an interview knowing that this person is not God it's not the
ultimate smartest person that you'll ever meet.
They have their flaws and their issues.
And if you start to realize that there's no such thing as a perfect developer of perfect coding everybody
is just trying to pretend like they're smart.
Everybody's just trying to pretend like they're old.
Remember everybody just a kid inside trapped inside an adult's body.
You start to realize that this whole world that we live in this whole system that we're in is just a
game just like your coder just like you're a programmer and you're trying to create a system.
This is simply a system that you need to learn to adapt to and to try to essentially beat or improve.
So put yourself in their situation.
They want to feel important.
They want to feel like they're doing a good job.
So maybe asking them questions during the interview maybe praising them for something that they did
even though they're the ones being interviewed is going to make them feel better.
That perhaps will make them ask you better or easier questions again.
Think of it as a system.
Think of it as a game and realize that there is nothing and nothing is extremely serious and important.
Everything is just a game they can play and that he can improve.
And if you start looking at life hood interviews as a as a game I think it becomes a lot more fun.
And it also removed some of those insecurities.
I don't know if that answer helped but kind of went on a tangent there but hopefully that that helps
a little bit.
All right.
Last question because this video is getting a little too long.
So Charles mentioned asks What's the difficult day for you at the moment.
Your courses are very very kind of you seem to be your healthy way of living in your sporty attitude.
It almost be worth a course on how to balance your life and the way you do things while you code.
I guess I kind of already talked about this but my my everyday life usually involves in the morning
drinking coffee reading articles and catching up in the industry learning a little bit.
I really like mourning for learning and then I usually either record or plan recording or edit videos
in the afternoon.
Then around 1 2 o'clock I usually go out for a run do some exercises try to get outside not stare at
the screen and then be active and then I come back.
I usually check out my emails answer questions go on discord and chat with other students and then usually
by 5 o'clock I'm done.
I don't do any work I stop whatever I'm doing because I know after 5 o'clock.
For me personally I'm not productive so I usually spend time with family with my girlfriend or do social
activities or maybe go play some tennis go play some soccer go for a hike just to relax and I usually
go to bed at 10 o'clock not that very exciting.
I don't I don't enjoy going to bars or clubs anymore.
I'm I'm an old soul and at 10:00 I'm I'm ready for bed and I'm ready for the next day.
So a pretty pretty boring day.
Nothing too exciting but it's it's it's what I like right how do.
This.
This was the a video again I want to thank you.
I cannot believe that there's a hundred thousand students that are taking my courses and honestly if
it was just me I would never get to one hundred thousand students.
Every single one of you that talk to others recommend my courses that really help me get to where I
am and I cannot express how thankful I am for for everything that that you have done that you have shown
support for and I am.
I hope to continue to keep impressing you and keep help you with with your learning journey.
And yeah I'm I'm really really thankful so thank you.